Add Readme Troubleshooting Tips (#519)
carson-katri/dream-textures: README.md

    * Then install dependencies for development under *Add-ons* > *Dream Textures* > *Development Tools*
    * This will download all pip dependencies for the selected platform into `.python_dependencies`

# Troubleshooting

> If you are experiencing trouble getting Dream Textures running, check the Blender Python console, in the top left under the Window dropdown next to File and Edit, for any error messages and search in the issues list with your error message and symptoms:
> 
>  [Dream Textures Issues](https://github.com/carson-katri/dream-textures/issues?q=is%3Aissue) 
> 

Reviewer: Tightened this up a little bit:
```suggestion
If you are experiencing trouble getting Dream Textures running, check Blender's system console (in the top left under the "Window" dropdown next to "File" and "Edit") for any error messages. Then [search in the issues list](https://github.com/carson-katri/dream-textures/issues?q=is%3Aissue) with your error message and symptoms.

> **Note** On macOS there is no option to open the system console. Instead, you can get logs by opening the app *Terminal*, entering the command `/Applications/Blender.app/Contents/MacOS/Blender` and pressing the Enter key. This will launch Blender and any error messages will show up in the Terminal app.

```

> ![Troubleshooting With Blender Addons](docs/assets/readme-toggle-console.png)

Reviewer: You could use slightly clearer alt-text like this:
```suggestion
![A screenshot of the "Window" > "Toggle System Console" menu action in Blender](docs/assets/readme-toggle-console.png)
```

Features and feedback are also accepted on the issues page. If you have any issues that aren't listed, feel free to add them there!

> The [Discord](https://discord.gg/EmDJ8CaWZ7) also has a common issues list and strong community of helpful people, so feel free to come by for some help there as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Dream Textures Discord server](https://discord.gg/EmDJ8CaWZ7) also has a common issues list and strong community of helpful people, so feel free to come by for some help there as well.
```

## Running On Apple

1. On Apple Silicon, with the `requirements-dream-studio.txt` you may run into an error with gRPC using an incompatible binary. If so, please use the following command to install the correct gRPC version:

> ```sh

Reviewer: This should go back under "Contributing"

Author: Fixed in [088cbea](https://github.com/carson-katri/dream-textures/pull/519/commits/088cbeac1552b6469a4b4c0f6cf0da7fac394e9c)

    * Then install dependencies for development under *Add-ons* > *Dream Textures* > *Development Tools*
    * This will download all pip dependencies for the selected platform into `.python_dependencies`

> ### Apple Contribution Notes

Reviewer: I think I'd rather it just say this:
```suggestion
### macOS
```
